c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\Movies.dll.config
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\Movies.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\Movies.pdb
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\obj\Debug\Movies.dll
c:\users\suvisha.kv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\obj\Debug\Movies.pdb
C:\Users\Suvisha.KV\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_Movies\Movies\obj\Debug\Movies.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
